# Bulls and Cows #
The game is a guessing code generated by a computer.
After each code entry, the computer analyzes your answer and gives you a bull and cow hint to help you get closer to the correct answer.  
### What are "bulls" and "cows"? ###
If the character in your answer matches the character and its position in the code, it is called "bull". If a given character appears in the code, but its position does not match, then it is called a "cow".  
First, the user is prompted to enter the length of the secret code, which he has to guess.
The user then has to enter the number of possible characters in the code.
For example, up to 10 there will be only numbers, if you specify a higher number, then letters will be included.
Each character in the secret code is unique and cannot be repeated.
The user will be given a hint that tells which characters can be used.
If you enter a code with a length different from the secret, a warning will be issued.
### Example ###
    Input the length of the secret code:
    4
    Input the number of possible symbols in the code:
    12
    The secret is prepared: **** (0-9, a-b).
    Okay, let's start a game!
    Turn 1:
    1234
    Grade: 2 cow(s)
    Turn 2:
    1256
    Grade: 1 cow(s)
    Turn 3:
    3456
    Grade: 1 cow(s)
    Turn 4:
    2134
    Grade: 1 bull(s) and 1 cow(s)
    Turn 5:
    2314
    Grade: 2 cow(s)
    Turn 6:
    3142
    Grade: 2 bull(s)
    Turn 7:
    5162
    Grade: 1 bull(s)
    Turn 8:
    0147
    Grade: 3 bull(s)
    Turn 9:
    a147
    Grade: 4 bull(s)
    Congratulations! You guessed the secret code.